inflation comes in many different shapes
and sizes but right now where we're
headed is just going to get a lot bigger
that's all you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you what we
can see right now is this whole slight
of hand you hear it from the government
and they tell you one thing whereby
everything's going to be fine we just
need to wait a period of time but I'm
about to show you why you know $16
sandwiches are not only the new normal
that's going to be what we can you know
hope and pray for because the prices are
going to go berserk you look at Lebanon
you see the devaluation of the currency
that's an extreme example but understand
that things can change and it just takes
a long time for them to do so in some
cases in others there are catastrophic
events that simply make that you know
almost instantaneously it feels like to
the people they believe no things will
get better better things will get better
things will get better and it only gets
worse today I want to show you something
I'm going to take a look around at all
different aspects where the inflation is
coming up and how dangerous this can be
because it's not the deflation we got to
worry about the deflation is positive
deflation would be helpful but we're not
getting any of that because we got
something called a central bank and they
are there with one purpose to make sure
that there are the Hales and have knots
Black Rock CEO Larry think warns
stubborn inflation but expects growth to
accelerate this year if interest rates
drop all right he basically made this
case that look things are doing pretty
good you look at the unemployment rate
you look at the jobs numbers you look
around things are doing well now I'm
going to be honest with you if you are
looking for the perfect economy you're
looking for the perfect set of
circumstances it's not going to happen
it doesn't exist could it be much better
no question the infrastructure is
crumbling you've got problems with
homeless every everywhere the inflation
is all off the charts but the central
Focus if we keep it here where we have a
central bank printing money to infinity
and a government spending frivolously on
nonsense sending it there sending it
here and never getting to the right
places of course you're going to have
problems we don't even need to get into
it any further to realize how terrible
of a policy and you know strategy that
they have until we realize this is
actually to create a divide in between
the rich and the poor and make sure that
that continues to grow that's the whole
point
however given what we can see it's been
a lot worse it's been much worse in fact
so we got to take for what it is and I
think for some people um you know
they're just hoping and praying for one
event or another to occur and you know
as far as I'm concerned I I do think
that simply waiting on an event is never
a good policy you need to be making
moves today you need to do that today
not tomorrow not whatever you got to use
the information you have today and you
got to react according to that because
you can't determine what happens
tomorrow the only certainties where we
have is that it's probably going to be
more expensive tomorrow and that
inflation's probably going to get worse
and that taxes are going to go up so
base your assumptions on that but you
know don't just say I think that this
could happen so therefore I'm going to
just simp simply sit on my hands that
usually doesn't work out too well US
inflation gauges looking at it using
their numbers obviously this is declined
I get the comments I get the hate hatred
comments sometimes which people don't
understand this you have to look at the
manipulated stats they are very
important no not for you and your family
at the dinner table but they are
important because the businesses the
investors and the central Bankers the
governments everybody these groups are
the ones you know moving based on that
okay it's not it's got nothing to do
with your dinner table okay that's why
these are key they have been declining
if they are declining that means that
the central banks can take their um
basically their foot off the breakes and
eventually put them on the gas you see
what I mean it won't be a recession it
will just feel like one economists in a
survey pirb back probability of
recession but still see in growth and
Rising unemployment in
2024 yeah it's not a recession I mean
look at the u3 unemployment rate look at
the inflation rate CPI I mean
everything's okay but you're struggling
to you know get by and there's homeless
tents uh everywhere and uh yeah yeah
that's fine I mean that's that's the
crazy world we live in today okay but
keep that in mind that the stats are not
going to show you the you know the this
reality they've set up for us it it's
just not going to happen don't put that
out of your head don't don't do that
okay just understand that there's two
sets of books and just like the mafia
you know what I
mean investors are shrugging off two
reports this week that showed annual
inflation ticked up last month betting
that the FED will soon cut interest
rates and so we need to see this we need
to understand this and look at how the
Federal Reserve is going to react to the
information that's incoming so we're
going to find out soon enough about what
they are intending on doing that's going
to impact not just businesses not just
you and your mortgage but it impacts
literally the whole world when the
Federal Reserve starts to do something
all other central banks if they haven't
already they're going to follow behind
and so we're going to see this unfold in
the coming days weeks months and March
2024 is a very very important time frame
and potentially we get some of that even
sooner so this is key and to watch what
the central banks do particularly the
FED in these coming Days restaurant
owner explains why he charges $16 for a
BLT and why he thinks food prices won't
get better you see what he said and
we've talked about this before it's
quite frankly that when inflation goes
down the prices he says the damage is
already done prices don't go down
right that's what he says right here
there's a misconception if inflation
drops from 8% to 5% to three that prices
come down they don't inflation is
compounding yes that's right he's
actually right okay but of course the
media doesn't like to tell you that
generally okay look at this example in
uh in addition to the cost of food he
pays 20,000 in rent 6,000 in utilities
60,000 in labor cost every month that's
86,000 base cost before the month starts
and according to his calculations he
would have to sell
93,000 BLTs just to break
even now that's crazy to think about
that I mean who knows if the stats are
real I don't know but just think about
that for a sec so obviously when you
factor in all of the costs associated
with running that business it becomes
extremely difficult to stay in business
rent is so high and they say oh the
landlord could reduce the Brent
generally doesn't happen and they are
being squeezed because they're now ex
dealing with the much higher interest
rate costs okay so that's one side
you've got the utilities there they've
gone up your power bill I'm sure has
gone up energy usage you go to you know
turn on the
stove that that's all gone up all these
prices have gone up so these businesses
they're using it 24 hours a day or or a
lot longer than what you the individual
would so that is an even bigger impact
it's massive so they are dealing with
inflation and that means when you go to
eat at the restaurants you're going to
be paying more and uh you're going to be
you know basically you're not going to
see that come down it's just not going
to happen there is a ceiling at which
you know customers are willing to only
pay so and so but looking at it through
the understanding that look the these
prices just probably aren't going to
come down Canada's housing market is
nearing a Tipping Point as its recovery
will start sooner than many expect I
believe the narrative suggesting that
the housing market will be rebound only
when the Bank of Canada lowers rates
misses the mark the recovery will begin
when consumers have confidence the home
they buy today will be not uh be worth
less tomorrow we see that the Tipping
Point occurring in the first quarter
before the highly anticipated easing of
the bank of Canada's key lending rate
and this is could be true we'll see what
happens but all they want to know is our
interest R is going to start coming down
okay I can get it right here so that's
very important to understand this is
just talking about China the us as well
as other Western countries are highly
reliant on China for their Imports you
might not like it that's the way it is
you know a large percentage are coming
from China that's the way you keep
inflation low one way you keep inflation
low is you import products where you
know the the labor costs are super cheap
products are made super cheap so you can
get that not everything needs to be you
know a big hunk of Steel it can be
plastic if it's you know a case for your
phone you wouldn't want one that's made
out of solid steel I would assume um you
know you can use that simple thing it's
$3 you could buy it on the internet it
comes across on a big ship and that's it
it keeps your costs low instead of
paying $62 for the case you could pay $3
for the case or else everything would be
priced more now do we need all the
garbage that we have of course not we
don't need that but that's what we are
okay I'm just trying to mention it okay
so looking at this you could see that
there has been a change and that one
change has been that China has been
exporting a lot more to other South um
look basically just let me read this to
you looking at this the they've been
exporting more to Southeast Asia than
the US in the last year so it tells us
that things have changed certainly
they're still exporting a lot to the us
but they are starting to change in that
respect and we could see with the bricks
with the you know look at what happened
with Russia we're going to sanction
Russia we're going to make sure we
squeeze them out we're going to you know
destroy them they're making more
business now than they did before all
the sanctions the sanctions clearly
didn't do anything they sold off all of
their um basically us treasuries all
that they said here you go you know
we're not going to can't even play in
this world here we go sell it all get
rid of it and we bought a lot of gold
and now we're going to do business with
all these other countries I mean that's
the thing that's very dangerous you got
to watch what you do because it have a
blowback effect the squeeze is on
uranium prices hit new record and
Industry Watchers see further to go so I
don't know what's going to happen with
uranium I've been talking about uranium
since 2020 uh very regularly talking
about chemico specifically that has been
priced many Mons multiples where it is
or was when I started talking about it
and they're saying it could go further
what why what was the original reason I
said because they're all going with the
whole green energy and this and that and
if ESG if it gets put into that whole
thing then it's going to be loved okay
by all these investors are going to be
buying it up and the uh countries are
going to invest billions and billions
and billions of dollars into nuclear
energy because they have a shortfall if
we can utilize more energy we can grow
more we can basically feed more people
like everything if we have more energy
at a cheaper price especially that's
what we need we need cheaper energy and
hopefully it's clean energy that's what
we what we need um because otherwise
going to be taxed on it that's the whole
point Black Rock on Pace to become the
largest Bitcoin holder in the world this
is what people asked for they wanted the
ETF and here it is whether you do you
like that I don't know some people say
yeah well whatever as long as my Bitcoin
goes up I'm going to sell it to the
other guy anyway but this has other
ramifications as well because they might
want to sell tomorrow all right and um
we don't know what they're going to do
and how they're going to handle that
point is when interest rates are cut
when we go easy monetary policies
Bitcoin could very well see the benefit
of that if you want to know more if you
want to know the detail then you got to
join my live groups number one Finance
Friday where we we talk about the latest
and greatest of what's going on like
this but much better Pace because it's
over a 2-hour period but number two is
the Sunday session which is all about
business you want to deal with inflation
how you going to get your income to
increase 50% year-over-year you can't do
that in an average job what about 100%
what about 200% these things can't
happen usually in a regular job that's
why we need a scalable business and
that's what I talk about on the Sunday
sessions if you're interested in knowing
more Link in the description hit the
thumbs up for me please because when you
do that you're supporting this Channel
and of course you notify the algorithm
that this is some good stuff to watch
don't forget to come back tomorrow all
right take care